[OSDOCS#18858]: For 4.22, updated the steps for updating stale BMC credentials (#112560)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-manual-recovering-when-auto-recovery-is-unavail.adoc

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit secret fencing-credentials-<node_name>
----
+
The secret contains the following data keys:
+
.Data keys
[cols="1,1,2",options="header"]
|===
| Key | Description | Changes during credential rotation?

| `username`
| BMC username
| Yes

| `password`
| BMC password
| Yes

| `address`
| Full Redfish URL (for example, `redfish+https://192.168.1.10:443/redfish/v1/Systems/1`)
| Only if BMC address changed

| `certificateVerification`
| `Disabled` or `Enabled`
| Only if TLS settings changed

|===
+
[NOTE]
====

> The `oc edit secret` command displays base64-encoded values, and any new values must also be base64-encoded before editing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oc edit secret` command displays base64-encoded values. If you modify any of the values, the new values must also be base64-encoded. 
```

====
+

> The following command avoids manual encoding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the following command to create the secret with literal strings:
```

@bjahagir-OpenShift Curious, if the `fencing-credentials-<node_name>` secret already exists -- which it must exist to use the `oc edit secret` command (right?) -- doesn't `oc create secret` result in an error that the secret exists?

Reviewer 2: The way the command is set up, oc create is outputing to yaml and then that's getting piped into an "oc apply -f" so it will overwrite the existing secret.

So the command works OK, but we could tighten the language to: 
"Alternatively, you can use the following command to create or update the secret with literal strings"

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create secret generic fencing-credentials-<node_name> \
      --from-literal=address='<redfish_address>' \
      --from-literal=username='<new_username>' \
      --from-literal=password='<new_password>' \
      --from-literal=certificateVerification='<Disabled_or_Enabled>' \
      --dry-run=client -o yaml | oc apply -f -
----
+
All four keys must be present. The cluster etcd Operator rejects secrets with missing keys.

.. Verify that the new credentials can reach the BMC by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo pcs stonith config <node_name>_redfish
----
+
.. Verify that no STONITH resources are blocked by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo pcs status --full
----
+
The cluster etcd Operator performs this validation automatically when it applies credentials from the secret by using the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
`fence_redfish --action status`

> ----

Reviewer 2: Nit: the backticks inside the `[source,terminal]` block will render as literal characters in the published output. AsciiDoc source blocks already format their content as code, so the backticks are double-quoting.

```suggestion
fence_redfish --action status
```

Also — since this is describing internal operator behavior rather than a user-run command, you might consider using inline monospace within the sentence instead of a separate code block (e.g., `fence_redfish --action status`). But that's a style call.
